---
layout: post
title:  "Project #1 - List of Projects"
post-title:  "Project #1 - Writing a list of Projects"
date:   2021-02-05 21:41:46 -0500
permalink: /projects/project_1.html
permalink_name: /project_1
detail_image: /assets/images/patrick_pointcloud.png
category: projects
description: "Is this a project? No, but it's my site so I'll put this where I want. This is a list of projects that seem interesting to me. I suppose I'll cross em off as I go"

categories: Personal Engineering
---

---

What's the purpose of this write-up? Well first off, it's not a write up. This is just a list of things I might wanna make. These ideas can be thrown out on a whim, new ones will be added on a whim, and I'll cross out whatever I either finish or decide isn't worth my time. If you see any cool projects that I may be interested in/inspired by reach out to me! I'd love to see them.

# Projects
- ~~Create this Site (Never intend to do Web again)~~
- Function Generator (either DDS and uController or implement a DDS on an FPGA)
- Mini PCB Quad Copter
- 8 Bit Computer (74x Logic Chips)
- 3D printer (cause my last design now lives in a landfill)
- Quadcopter Flight Controller
- EEPROM universal programmer
- Bench Power Supply (Cause I always need more)
- Robot Arm (ROS Drivers and all, and none of that whimpy servo stuff)
- Inverse Kinematic/Image Processing Accelerator
- Guitar Pedals (Am I really playing bad if I increase the distortion high enough?)
- All the Embedded Club Tutorials (is this a project? yes, purely because I said so)
- Broke Boi Spot Robot
- Try Out Embedded Rust (Thanks LLVM)
- Stepper Motor Driver Board (This will get used on robots and the 3D printer)
- RISKV/ARM Softcore Processor (The word reduced in reduced instruction set seems to be used rather loosely)
- Write some linux kernal drivers (Why? What kind? Who knows, but I bet it'll be fun)
- Gameboy hack cartridge to allow ROM Hacks to be played on GBA. Cartridge should be reprogramable easily
- Discreet Logic Based VGA Driver (If I'm gunna make a 8 bit CPU let's get some video going)
- Home Brewery (Am I a huge beer guy? No. Do I think it would be cool to program a mini brewery? Absolutely!)
