---
layout: post
title:  "Blog #1 - Creating This Site"
post-title:  "Blog #1 - Creating This Site"
date:   2021-02-05 10:41:46 -0500
permalink: /blog/blog_1.html
permalink_name: /blog_1
detail_image: /assets/images/patrick_pointcloud.png
category: blog
description: "First post on the site. Just some general ramblings about why I made this and what I plan to do moving forward."

categories: Personal Engineering
---

---
I decided it's about time to create my own personal site to showcase some projects, rant about random things, and post some tutorials for the problems I manage to solve. I can't say I have an actual direction I'm intending to go with this, and I don't think that's a problem. This is something I'm updating in my free time in between classes and work, and I suppose it will be a nice way to hold myself accountable for all of the projects that I've been intending to do. Hopefully I can make peoples lives easier by writing guides for things that took me far too long to figure out (guides that I'll be referring to a week later when I forget how to do something). Maybe my projects will spark cool project ideas for others that check out this site(send me a link to any cool project you make! It's always fun to check em out).

<br>

Given the state of the world, and the fact America is 90% locked down my workflow has been less than ideal. The electronics lab/classroom/bedroom/home-gym that I've been caged in has been driving me mad as of late. One thing I was really looking forward to about a semester ago in Fall of 2020 was starting up an Embedded Club at my University. I reached out to a lot of my friends, and poked around to see who would be interested and had about ~20 students who wanted to study it. I started writing guides and things like that and coming up with project ideas while waiting for the university to respond to my request to start the club up, only for them to eventually get back to me and say that they weren't providing any funding for clubs(*Great to know that I'm paying full tuition to take a class through a computer screen, but all of my money that goes towards clubs suddenly dissapeared*). Given this, and the fact I can't just share the development boards and parts I have due to everything being remote I had to postpone the clubs creation. I wasn't going to buy development boards for 30 kids on my own and parts to interface with just to have to ship them to 20+ kids myself. I'm in college, and for those of you who don't speak American, that translates to "I'm Broke".

<br>

Hopefully, if vaccine distributions go as planned(*crossing my fingers*) we'll be back on campus for fall of 2021. I figured it will be a good idea to rewrite and create some new tutorials for the projects I had in mind for the embedded club on here, so that when school resumes in person I have it all ready. Hopefully the world goes back to normal soon. It's rather funny that I spend my whole life opting to stay at home rather than go out, and now I wish I could go out every night. I guess it just comes down to the fact I want to chose to sit in front of a computer haha, not be forced to. Hopefully I'll be able to make that same choice again soon.

